{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf530
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Testing removeRow\
	To test this method, the input matrix should have 0 rows, 1 row, and many rows for which the method attempts to remove. To test first, middle, and last, the row to be removed should be chosen such that it reflects the first row, a middle row, and the last row of the matrix. Then special cases should be used where the row specified is not valid. This testing method applies to both inputs for the method.\
\
2. Testing removeColumn\
	To test this method, the input matrix should have 0 columns, 1 column, and many columns for which the method attempts to remove. To test first, middle, and last, the column to be removed should be chosen such that it reflects the first column, a middle column, and the last column of the matrix. Then special cases should be used where the column specified is not valid. This testing method applies to both inputs for the method.\
\
3. Testing determinant\
	To test this method, the input matrix should have varying row lengths of 0, 1, and many rows. This testing method applies to both inputs for the method.\
\
4. Testing swapRows\
	The best way to test this method is through the invert method.\
\
5. Testing scaleRows\
	The best way to test this method is through the invert method\
\
6. Testing addRows\
	The best way to test this method is through the invert method\
\
7. Testing invert\
	By testing the invert method, the swapRows, scaleRows, and addRows method are also being tested. A successful test of the invert method shows that the other methods work as well.\
	To test the invert method, the input matrices should be 0 x 0 (test 0), 1 x 1 (test 1), and 3 x 3 (test many). Special cases for which the NotInvertibleException is thrown should also be tested. These special cases are when the dimensions are not square and when one column in the matrix does not have any non-zero values. \
\
8.Testing SparseMatrix\
	The methods in this class can be tested by testing the inputs where double[][] is of row lengths 0, 1, and many rows. }